Update development setup information and simplify some setup steps (#21403)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/getting-started/quickstart_1_install_dependencies.md

> NOTE: Please see install instructions for [macOS](#macos) and [Ubuntu](#ubuntu) in succeeding sections.

Sourcegraph has the following dependencies:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) (v2.18 or higher)

> - [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) (v1.16 or higher)

Reviewer: maybe we should just link to the `.tool-versions` file here, as we do below with nodejs.

Author: Ah cool, I didn't know about that

    brew install --cask docker
    ```

> 3.  Install Go, Node Version Manager, Git, golang-migrate, Comby, SQLite tools, and jq with the following command:

Reviewer 2: While we're here, we might as well fix this (just noticed it):

```suggestion
3.  Install Go, Yarn, Git, golang-migrate, Comby, SQLite tools, and jq with the following command:
```

    [dockerGroup]: https://stackoverflow.com/a/48957722
    [socketPermissions]: https://stackoverflow.com/a/51362528

> ## (optional) Use docker-compose for PostgreSQL and Redis

Reviewer 2: The last paragraph above this one mentions "You can also run Redis using Docker". Can you consolidate your new section and this paragraph?

I'd personally remove the paragraph above and merge the additional information into this section.

Author: That's basically what I meant wrt to restructuring the docker information. The information to run postgresql in the docker container is on the next page actually.
Personally I think it makes sense to even lead with the docker information on this page, because I wouldn't want people to install something that they don't have to.

Do you think keeping information about manually starting the containers is even necessary if we have docker compose?

Reviewer 2: > Personally I think it makes sense to even lead with the docker information on this page, because I wouldn't want people to install something that they don't have to.

Agree. I'd move that decision point up: use option A to install yourself (might be better performance on macOS), or choose option B to use Docker. Here are option A and B.

> Do you think keeping information about manually starting the containers is even necessary if we have docker compose?

I don't think so, no. Maybe the note about making sure that docker is up and running?
